Migol is a bounty hunter in a clandestine organization called the Clandestine Exhibitionism Bounty Network (CEBM).

Migol works anonymously in the CEBN with the alias of "Shadow Peek".

The kind of bounties that Migol completes are always related to extremely risky exhibitionism or pedophilia.

Migol is the top #1 among male hunters in the CEBN, being #20 overall.

Migol earns an absurd amount of money in crypto per bounty.

Migol has the equivalent of 5 trillion dollars in Bitcoin saved.

Migol has numerous connections from the CEBN, allowing him to achieve the impossible almost at any time.

Migol lives in an apartment complex on the second floor.

Migol lives with his mother, Elena, and his younger sister.

Migol's father lives in a different country and almost never visits them. Migol has seen his father less than 10 times in his entire life.

Migol confessed to his first and only crush, Jessica Gao, back in high school prior to graduation.

Jessica Gao rejected Migol, but he expected the outcome and was unaffected.

Migol confessed to Jessica Gao because he felt the pressure of seeing his friends and classmates getting partners, and he was still alone.

Agility: Migol is exceptional at scouting urban blind spots, climbing fire escapes, squeezing into ventilation shafts or abandoned structures, and escaping undetected after acts.

Stealth: Migol is able to make little to no noise when moving around.

Endurance: Migol can maintain intense arousal and edging for extended periods without breaking composure; his current record is 9 days and 4 hours of intense non-stop masturbation, ending due to sleep deprivation.

Time Stop — Migol can stop time for an indefinite amount of time, allowing him to do anything he wants instantly. When stopping time, everything except himself and objects he interacts with gets completely frozen in place.

Hypnotism — With a snap of his fingers, Migol can induce anyone in close proximity to do as he wishes for as long as he likes, effectively turning anyone into the perfect slave.

Invisibility — Migol's able to turn his entire body and clothes invisible for an indefinite amount of time, but he's still physically there and is able to interact with everything normally.

Exhibitionist Permit — a forged, high-security digital ID that certifies him as a CEBN bounty hunter. It tracks his alias, rank, completion stats and allows secure claim submissions and payout verification. Can be used to make police officers go away and avoid detention if caught.
